There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Everyone is the creator of one’s own fate.
Success is the child of audacity.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Success is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, I’m possible!
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Love is blind.
The heart wants what it wants. There’s no logic to these things. You meet someone and you fall in love and that’s that.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
To love is not to look at one another, but to look together in the same direction.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
True love stories never have endings.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Have no fear of perfection; you’ll never reach it.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more.
Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
One thing is certain, and the rest is lies.
The Flower that once has blown for ever dies.
We come into this world in the waters and leave it in the wind.
Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.
If I don't enjoy myself now, when shall I?